Rochelle (Philmon) Kilgore, 1904 | A pioneer in Adventist elementary education in the South and in Nebraska, she also spent 25 years at Atlantic Union College, where she guided the English Department, directed the school’s job placement service, and worked closely with its alumni association.
George Gentry Lowry, 1908 | Influential in taking the Adventist message to India as a pioneering missionary pastor, he founded Spicer Memorial College in 1915 and later led the Southern Asia Division. He remained in India until he died suddenly in 1942 at the age of 57.
John Francis Wright, 1911 | First a minister and evangelist, he became a lifelong church leader, serving as president of the Alabama and North Texas conferences, president of the Cape Conference in South Africa, president of the Southern African Division, and later as a vice-president of the General Conference.
Robert Ellsworth Cowdrick, 1923 | With many years of experience in hymnology, he served on the committee that created the Adventist hymnal that debuted at the 1985 General Conference Session. He also contributed to the Companion to the Seventh-day Adventist Hymnal.
Robert Leo Odom, 1924 | His 60-year ministry included 17 years in Spain, Greece, and the Philippines. He also taught university courses in Germany, England, Indonesia, India, Argentina, and the United States, and he wrote more than 30 books, ranging from literature for the uneducated to profound scholarly works. A world-class scholar of Sabbath history and the history of calendars, he learned more than 10 languages.
Anna Ruth (King), 1926 and O.D. McKee, 1928 | The couple founded McKee Baking Company in 1934, which eventually became the nation’s largest independently owned snack cake company.
William Kuester, 1929 | He ran in the Los Angeles Marathon many times and won two gold medallions for placing first in his category.
Clyde Franz, 1932 | As a Seventh-day Adventist Church executive, he oversaw membership statistics and missionary recruitment for international outposts; this year he turned 104 and is the oldest known Southern alum.
Robert H. Pierson, 1933 | For 46 years he ministered around the world in various church roles, including as the General Conference president; he also wrote hundreds of articles and about 30 books.
Lettie (Sibley) Collins, 1935 | She spent more than 25 years as a missionary teacher in Colombia, Guatemala, and Puerto Rico.	
Charles E. Aebersold, 1938 | As a public educator for 50 years, he traveled to 49 states and 79 foreign countries.	
Pierce Jones Moore, Jr., 1939 | The governor of North Carolina honored him with The Order of the Long Leaf Pine Award in 2011 for his record of extraordinary community service.
Elsie (Landon) Buck, 1941 | Dedicating her life to music education, she championed the use of music as part of multicultural education in Russia and China. She was also president of the International Adventist Musicians Association (IAMA) from 1992 to 2009 and was elected to the National Guild of Piano Teachers Hall of Fame. 
Pansy (Parker) Dameron, 1944 | For her dedication as a teacher and principal, she was elected to the Education Hall of Fame in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	
Joe Crews, 1946 | He founded Amazing Facts, a media ministry known for its nationwide radio (and later television) programs that begin with an attention-grabbing historical scientific fact followed by a related biblical message.	
Alice (Perkins) Kimber, 1947 | Awarded an honorary doctorate in social work by the World University Roundtable International Secretariat in Tucson, Arizona, she was also included in the 1985 book 2,000 Notable Americans and the 1984 edition of The World Who’s Who of Women, published in Cambridge, England.	
Frank Jobe, 1947 | He made sports medicine history when he performed the first reconstruction of the ulnar collateral ligament (UCL) of the elbow, using a revolutionary procedure he devised. Now internationally known as the Tommy John surgical procedure, it not only rescued the career of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher after which it was named, but also enabled John to pitch 14 additional seasons post-surgery.
Edna (Stewart) Manley, 1948 | For 50 years she worked as a secretary for the Mississippi Cooperative Extension Service. She also owned her own retail art supply business and taught art classes at night in her studio.	
Cecil Coffey, 1949 | An early leader in Adventist marketing and advertising, he and his wife, Barbra, founded Coffey Communications, Inc., a leading agency that provides custom healthcare publications for hospitals.	
Frances Andrews, 1949 | The first editor of the Southern Accent, she later became the editor of Columns and revised the publication from a four-page newsletter to a 16-page magazine. She taught English and journalism in Virginia for 38 years before returning to teach at Southern. She retired in 1987.
Ruth (Risetter) Watson, 1949 | Her book, Backwoods Girl, is told through the eyes of a child growing up in Eastern Tennessee in the late 1920s and then facing the Great Depression.
Charles Pierce, 1951 | The first Southern Missionary College music graduate to earn a doctorate in music, he taught at four academies and three colleges. Nearly half of his career was spent at Adventist colleges in Brazil and Canada. A frequent piano recitalist and active singer, he also played organ and directed choirs in churches of different denominations throughout his career.	
Wilbur “Buddy” Brass, 1951 | As a new Adventist who had just completed naval service during World War II, he earned his theology degree at Southern and then pastored for 10 years. Next, he followed his dream of full-time evangelism. God blessed his efforts over the next 30 years with more than 3,000 baptisms.
Mary Elam, 1951 | As the registrar at Southern from 1953 to 1993, she established the department of Institutional Effectiveness and Research on campus and advocated for women in leadership and management positions.	
P. William “Bill” Dysinger, 1951 | After working with Native Americans in Montana and Arizona, he served the U.S. State Department in Cambodia. He then spent 28 years in teaching and administration at Loma Linda University, where he helped found the School of Public Health. He was the first physician to advise the Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) on its health programs around the world, and he has visited more than 160 nations.	
Chester Damron, 1957 | Well known as “Uncle Dan” from the Adventist radio program “Your Story Hour,” he also served as a missionary in the Far East and gave convincing costumed portrayals of Abraham Lincoln.	
Robert E. Bowers, 1957 | Recognized by the Chattanooga Trial Lawyers Association for his “outstanding and unselfish contributions” to improve public health and access to healthcare in his community, he created a program that provides healthcare services donated by more than 700 doctors to the underserved and uninsured in Hamilton County. A retired otolaryngologist, he was president of the Tennessee Medical Association and the Chattanooga-Hamilton County Medical Society. 
Harold Johnson, 1958 | For decades he served as a volunteer chaplain at Florida Hospital in Avon Park, Florida, and for Civil Air Patrol units. He also produced a weekly evangelistic radio program that aired in his community for a number of years.	
Juanita (Jones) Hamil, 1958 | She published an inspirational book, From a Nobody to the Daughter of the King, as well as a children’s book, Best Buddies. Her work as an author, artist, graphics technician, and fine-arts painter has appeared in magazines, books, and syndicated columns for many years.
Donald Hall, 1961 | After earning a doctorate in physics and a master’s degree in music, he blended the two passions and became a recognized expert in acoustics, the physics of sound; he wrote two textbooks on the subject. Now a professor emeritus at California State University in Sacramento, he has taught courses in relativity and astrophysics since 1974.	
James “Jim” Tucker, 1962 | Founder of the American Birding Association, he launched the journal Birding (see page 18 for the full story).
Gerald Kovalski, 1963 | He influenced Adventist education, first as an academy principal and then as Education Department director in several Southern Union conferences, as well as the North American Division.	
Darleen (Davis) Sanford, 1964 | She has been a Disney cast member in Florida as well as a news correspondent in Clarksville, Maryland.
Gilbert Burnham, 1964 | A professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Public Health, he is an internationally renowned researcher for treatments and cures of tropical diseases and has been honored by Johns Hopkins, Loma Linda University School of Medicine, and the American Public Health Association.	
Des Cummings, Jr., 1965 | President of Florida Hospital Foundation, he founded Celebration Health Hospital and authored several books on healthcare in the 21st century.	
Kenneth “Ken” Spears, 1966 | During the 36 years he worked at Southern, Ken helped lead the development of the budding City of Collegedale, serving eight years as city councilman and vice mayor, besides volunteering on numerous boards in the community.	
Bill Wood, 1966 | He directed youth camps throughout the North American Division before serving as the NAD Youth Ministries director.
Robert Potts, 1966 | An influential figure in higher education, he served as chancellor of Arkansas State University, chancellor of the North Dakota University System, and president of the University of Alabama.	
Susan (Rozell) Pettibone, 1966 | She taught in India before serving as a missionary in Africa for 32 years with her husband, Don.
Allen Steele, 1967 | After pioneering Adventist World Radio, he was elected chairman of International Communications Research for Evangelization, a consortium of Christian broadcasters. 	
Gary Councell, 1967 | Besides providing pastoral care for more than 1,000 members scattered in 12 military worship groups, he also served as a director in the office of the Chief of Chaplains at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C.
Jim Herman, 1967 | He established and organized the Student Missions program for Southern and served as a pastor for many years.
Edwin M. Shafer, 1968 | With more than 35 years of fundraising experience, he was named Outstanding Fundraising Executive of 2013 by the Association of Fundraising Professionals Greater Wichita Chapter.	
Richard Garey, 1968 | As the featured performer for Bermuda’s 400th anniversary celebration, he did the show “Mark Twain Himself” at the request of Bermuda’s governor. He performs as Samuel L. Clemens regularly in his own theater, near the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum in Hannibal, Missouri.	
Annie (Robinson) Brown, 1969 | The first African American graduate from Southern, she was a nursing professor for many years and a director of nursing.
Jackie (Hiser) Tucker, 1969 | She hosted a television program with her husband called “Windows of Hope” and served as the ministry relations coordinator for The Quiet Hour.
Jim Davis, 1969 | As a North Carolina state senator, he focuses his life on serving others.
Mary Jo “Joie” Davis, 1970 | As a pediatric nurse practitioner, she worked at the Tennessee Department of Health, Southeast Region, as nursing coordinator of Crippled Children’s Service, and later at the Laboratory of Clinical Infectious Diseases. She also spent two years serving in a combat support hospital during Operation Desert Storm and then worked for the National Human Genome Research Institute.
Phil Garver, 1970 | His 43 years of denominational service as a health and physical educator included teaching at Southern for 37 years—26 of them as dean of the School of Physical Education, Health, and Wellness.	
Vikki (Heath) Murphy, 1971 | Named “Outstanding Business Woman of the Year” in 2001 by the American Business Women’s Association and “City of Orange Citizen of the Year” in 2004, she also received the “Good Scout” award from the Boy Scouts of America.
Jim Ingersoll, 1973 | He served as educational associate director for secondary education at the Southern Union and aided in the development and implementation of the Adventist EDGE initiative. 	
Dwight Nelson, 1973 | He is senior pastor of Pioneer Memorial Church in Berrien Springs, Michigan.
Carl Pedersen, 1974 | As vice president for finance and technology at radio station WPLN, he oversees all Nashville Public Radio business, accounting functions, and technical systems. In 1989 he received the Corporation for Public Broadcasting’s Program Gold Award for Outstanding Technical Achievement, the highest public radio award given.
Eva Lynne (Zollinger) Disbro, 1974 | McKee Foods vice president for human resources for more than 20 years, she broke a 96-year tradition when in 1998 she was named the first woman to chair the board of Chattanooga Manufacturing Association, the oldest group of its kind in the nation.	
William B. Broome II, 1974 | As a military chaplain at the Pentagon, he ministered to the nation’s top military commanders, regardless of denomination or beliefs.	
Dave Weigley, 1977 | He is president of the Columbia Union Conference and chair of Washington Adventist University’s Board of Trustees.
Tom Fogg, 1977 | With more than 40 years of denominational service, he is currently the principal at A.W. Spalding Elementary School in Collegedale.	
Robert Benge, 1977 | Currently dean of Southern’s School of Physical Education, Health, and Wellness, he has served for 40 years as a health and physical educator.	
Becky (Norskov) Weigley, 1977 | When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, she and her husband, Dave, ’77, were the first American evangelists to visit Russia in more than 70 years. They led a team conducting meetings in seven large cities along the Volga River.	
Steve Darmody, 1978 | He is an inter-nationally renowned Christian music evangelist, recording artist, and World Vision advocate.
David Canther, 1979 | As of 2012, Active Christians That Serve (ACTS) World Relief, which he founded, had given $66 million in emergency supplies and medicine, served 1.1 million hot meals, removed 5,640 pounds of debris, and utilized 80,100 volunteers.	
David Kay, 1979 | After the Berlin Wall came down in 1989, he was one of the first U.S. officers to cross into the interzonal, no-man’s land to coordinate arrangements with East German guards. He also served as vice consul at the U.S. embassy in Kigali, Rwanda, for two years.	
Lars Gustavsson, 1979 | He serves as Chief Futurist for World Vision International.
Alberto Valenzuela, 1978 | In 1998, as director of video production for the General Conference, he led a communication campaign in Italy that put the Adventist Church in every major publication and led to millions of dollars for development and relief work.	
Del Schutte, 1980 | Loma Linda University School of Medicine honored him for his work as an orthopedic surgeon in South Carolina and for his hundreds of hours volunteering in medical mission work.	
Penelope Duerksen-Hughes, 1982 | She is renowned for leading in cutting-edge biochemistry research at Loma Linda University School of Medicine.	
Glenn Van Arsdell, 1983 | As a pediatric heart surgeon in Canada, he developed cutting-edge, internationally-recognized, pediatric heart transplant procedures.	
Ingrid Kirindongo, 1983 | As a medical professional in West Palm Beach, Florida, she knows what happens when people neglect their health. To educate children on disease prevention, in 2014 she published her third book, Body Wars: The Battle for Good Health.	
Jeffrey Kuhlman, 1983 | He worked as a White House physician, serving George W. Bush and Barack Obama.	
Ron Bunch, 1983 | As a student at Southern, he began fixing computers, eventually opening ComputerConnection in Chattanooga.
Rhonda Jeannine Hanson, 1984 | Taught Bible and English to all ages and backgrounds in Moscow, Russia, where she worked with the International Teachers Service of the General Conference.	
Donna (Lynn) Lee, 1985 | Partner in the civil defense law firm Hart Wagner LLP in Portland, Oregon, where she defends physicians, nurses, dentists, chiropractors, naturopathic doctors, and other healthcare providers in malpractice lawsuits.	
Terry Cantrell, 1985 | He has traveled the world as international producer/director for “Making Waves,” producer/director of “ASI Video Magazine,” and line producer for It Is Written Television, Breath of Life, Lifestyle Magazine, Voice of Prophecy, and many other programs and events.
Darryl and Cheryl (Stuyvesant) Hosford, 1989 | Their Hosford Web Service designed the Net ’98 website as well as the Discover Bible Lessons online.
Kevin Rice, 1986 | With more than 20 years of experience, he runs his own ophthalmology practice in Memphis, Tennessee.	
Deirdre (Rivera) Martin, 1987 | She co-founded dream*VISION ministries, dedicated to empowering young people in Christian lifestyle and leadership, and was a co-presenter with her husband for marriage conferences sponsored by NAD Family Ministries. She celebrated her 50th birthday while training for the IRONMAN triathlon this year.
Neal Gallion, 1987 | While serving in Japan as religious program specialist petty officer for the U.S. Navy, he coordinated religious activities for commander fleet activities and organized charitable deliveries to refugee centers and orphanages.	
James Gulley, 1987 | As director of the medical oncology service at National Cancer Institute, he runs multiple clinical trials in immunotherapy for solid tumors with an emphasis on immunotherapy for prostate cancer. In 2011 he received a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers.	
Bob Folkenberg, Jr., 1987 | Currently the president of the Chinese Union Mission, headquartered in Hong Kong, he previously served as president of several NAD conferences and as associate director of ShareHim, a global evangelism organization.	
Robert Jimenez, 1987 | Named one of Hispanic Business Magazine’s “100 Most Influential Hispanics in America” in 2007, he is also an International Association of Business Communicators/Atlanta Catalyst Award winner.
A. Allan Martin, 1990 | As an associate professor at Andrews University, he received the National Council on Family Relations’ Certified Family Life Educator designation.	
Jeff Grange, 1990 | President and CEO of Symons Ambulance in Southern California and associate professor of emergency medicine at Loma Linda University Medical Center, he invented Advanced Emergency Geographic Information System (AEGIS), which lets emergency service professionals check traffic and weather and see which hospitals are accepting patients and where helicopters and ambulances are located.
Christopher Hulin, 1991 | He serves as dean and program director at Middle Tennessee School of Anesthesia located in Madison, Tennessee.	
Mark McKenzie, 1991 | As a medical doctor, patients have sought his care at The McKenzie Center for Internal Medicine in Chattanooga, Tennessee, for 15 years.	
Franklin Farrow, 1993 | Co-founder of Independent Healthcare Properties, LLC, he was named Chattanooga’s “Outstanding Philanthropist” by the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
James Dittes, 1993 | One of 80 educators nationwide to be chosen as a national fellow with America Achieves Fellowship for Teachers and Principals, he served as a 2014-2015 fellow with Teachers for Global Classrooms and blogs regularly about teaching ideas, the paperless classroom, and education issues.
Luc Sabot, 1993 | He recently served as ADRA country director in Laos and has also served that role in Senegal and Timor-Leste.	
Paul Evans, 1993 | Director of the Intelligent Systems division at Southwest Research Institute, he helped develop a robotic device for a NASA project called DEPTHX, which aided scientists in exploring what is beneath the ice layer on Europa, the sixth moon of Jupiter.	
Joseph Eunkwan Choi, 1995 | As a conductor who brings music to life, he was a winner at an international conducting workshop in Macon, Georgia. As a result, he was invited to study with Yuri Temirkanov and guest conduct the St. Petersburg Philharmonic (Congress) Orchestra in Russia.	
James Appel, 1996 | He has served as a medical missionary in Chad for many years, and he also volunteered in Liberia during the Ebola outbreak.	
Kharl Bocala, 1996 | While studying computing at Southern, he helped develop a next-generation cellular phone system for Lucent Technologies. Later he mentored eight teams of programmers to upgrade the ground control system for the Hubble Space Telescope.	
Daniel Wolcott, 1997 | President and CEO of Lodi Health, he has also been an administrator at Takoma Regional Hospital and Florida Hospital Memorial System.	
Crystal Candy, 1999 | As the official on-air presenter for Dyson, Inc., she was responsible for all live demonstrations of the company’s products on the Home Shopping Network. She also worked for several years as a TV host/producer and news reporter in Orange County, Florida.	
Jennie (Dee) Janssen, 1999 | Now managing changing exhibits at the National Aquarium in Baltimore, Maryland, she also worked as an aquarist at Ripley’s Aquarium in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, and the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta.
Khalid Sorenson, 1999 | He co-founded CAMotion Cranes, a robotic crane company that provided technology to companies such as Caterpillar, General Motors, and Hyundai.
Crischelle Shank, 2000 | For seven years she served as director of Malamulo Adventist Hospital in Malawi, Africa.	
John P. Sterner, 2001 | Northwestern Mutual honored him multiple times for helping clients achieve financial security.	
Gary Roberts, 2001 | An Adventist Aviation Indonesia pilot, he has flown around the world in a small aircraft by lines of longitude and previously served as a missionary in Africa.
Brad Mills, 2002 | He is the president and general coordinator of Amazon Lifesavers Ministry, bringing health education and care to the jungles of Brazil with his wife, Lina (Gates), ’02.	
Kyle Warren, 2002 | He was one of the first 3-D animation modelers for Three Angels Broadcasting Network.	
Aaron Adams, 2002 | Besides working at Walt Disney Animation Studios, he has also taught at Southern and used his animation skills in ministry work for Martoos Studios.	
Esther (Kim) Liu, 2002 | The first to graduate with biophysics from Southern, she is now the chair of Pediatrics at University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center.
Steven Baughman, 2003 | Presented with the 2011 Excellence in Teaching Award from the national Alumni Awards Foundation, he was commissioned by the Southern Union and the North American Division to write subject-area standards for its secondary school curriculum.
Sarah (Matthews) McDugal, 2003 | As a Hollywood brand strategist, she wrote the book One Face: Shed the Mask, Own Your Values, and Lead Wisely.	
Matthew Mundall, 2003 | He serves as fire captain at Tri-Community Volunteer Fire Department in Collegedale, Tennessee.
Rob York, 2003 | Previously a writer and editor for the Korea Herald in Seoul, he also served as chief editor for news and features at North Korea News.
Alan Darmody, 2005 | He began Magic Hour Foundation, a nonprofit that provides those fighting cancer with the ability to celebrate the truly important things in life through photographs of themselves and their loved ones.	
Kelly Razzouk, 2005 | She served as an adviser to Ambassador Samantha Power at the United Nations.	
Matt Schiller, 2005 | Currently a character technical director at Walt Disney Animation Studios, he has contributed to movies including Wreck-It Ralph, Big Hero 6, and Moana.
Marianela Osorio, 2006 | She became a CEO at age 22, hired straight out of college, and is now an administrator at Florida Hospital.	
Troy Churchhill, 2006 | Received the 2010 New Administrator Award from the American College of Health Care Administrators for his exceptional commitment and potential as a leader, innovator, and motivator in long-term healthcare.
Thomas Wentworth, 2006 | As senior director of production at NBCUniversal, NBC Skycastle, his recent work includes branded content for the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics and Super Bowl 50.	
Maranatha Hay, 2007 | She has received five Emmys, won “Best Documentary” at the 2008 SONscreen Film Festival, and became the first American to win the World Nomads Travel Documentary scholarship.	
Sharon Smith-Hensley, 2007 | As social services director at The Samaritan Center in Ooltewah, she received the 2016 Advocate of the Year Award from the Tennessee Conference on Social Welfare’s Southeast region.	
Natalia Lopez-Thismon, 2008 | After working for the Miami Heat basketball team, ADRA, the National Communication Association, and La Sierra, she is now an assistant professor at Southern.
Charity (Matandiko) Smith, 2009 | After completing her AS, BS, and MSN degrees through Southern’s School of Nursing, she now serves people with urgent health needs as a family nurse practitioner.
Rainey (Park) Turlington, 2010 | Received the 2011 Student of the Year award from the Society of Adventist Communicators for her book, Love, Kirsten, based on the tragic loss of beloved classmate Kirsten Wolcott.	
Jeremy Weaver, 2010 | Co-owner of Wind River Tiny Homes, a Chattanooga business that specializes in building tiny homes that support personal economic independence and a minimalistic lifestyle.
Jason Neufeld, 2010 | While a student at Southern, he created five phone applications to teach music theory and skills. He sold more than 40,000 apps, including a popular fretboard trainer app that reached the top 100 overall paid apps distinction. He now works at Google as a senior software engineer.
Julie Vincent, 2012 | She is the chief nursing officer for Kettering Adventist HealthCare.
Hans von Walter, 2012 | While a biochemistry major at Southern, he placed third in the Jeopardy! College Championship, taking home $25,000 in cash winnings. Later he was a successful contestant on both Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Wheel of Fortune. He graduated in 2016 from Loma Linda Medical School.	
Hai Vo, 2014 | He is a senior Android developer for DJI, a leading consumer electronics company.
Jamie Howell, 2014 | She started a one-teacher elementary school on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota.	
Dillan Forsey, 2015 | As a freelance filmmaker, he was the producer for In the Grey, a short film that took home Best in Fest and Best Dramatic Short from the SONScreen Film Festival.
Seth Hill, 2016 | Founder of SWAYY® Insulated Hammocks, he also co-founded Adventist Mountain Missions, which uses innovation to reach the mountainous regions of the world with the Good News.